Update README.md (#1203)
jimp-dev/jimp: README.md

>
> As of v0.10.4, core-js is no longer included with jimp or its extensions. If you rely on core-js, install it with either `yarn add core-js` or `npm i core-js`

> ## Read before installing
>

> > Please be aware of [Jimp allocates 200 MB memory on reading a 3.3 MB jpg](https://github.com/jimp-dev/jimp/issues/153) before using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please be aware that Jimp is built on JavaScript implementations of image formats so in some cases that might [allocate a lot of memory](https://github.com/jimp-dev/jimp/issues/153) before using.
```
